# Arbitrage
A cryptocurrency is defined as a decentralized digital currency, based on blockchain technology which acts as a medium of exchange and is stored, created, and processed outside of banks, or government. Due to the large availability and popularity of cryptocurrency, there exist many price differences on different cryptocurrency exchanges. These price differences exist because the price of cryptocurrency does not reflect their true value on exchanges. The market inefficiencies not only exist in the cryptocurrency market but also other financial markets, including stock exchanges and fiat currency exchanges. These differences are very common in the cryptocurrency domain because of low levels of government regulation, higher amounts of transactions, and human behaviors for seeking profits. These types of pricing differences can be eliminated from the cryptocurrency market to some extent by executing arbitrages, which are defined as a sequence of trades beginning and ending with the same cryptocurrency which results in the profit equal to the price difference of the cryptocurrency at the end of the trading sequence.  In this project, I attempt to create a Crypto trading Bot that executes arbitrage trading strategy on cryptocurrency exchanges and generates a small profit, and as a result, the cryptocurrency market becomes more fluid. Although this Crypto Trading Bot did not record huge profits, it did successfully generate decent profit over the course of several months, which are independent of crypto market fluctuations. This crypto trading bot can be further upgraded for implementing the trading concepts like flash loans, and many more.
